Update README.md. Querystring libraries note (#1896)
axios/axios: README.md

You can also use the [`qs`](https://github.com/ljharb/qs) library.

###### NOTE

> stringify method in [`querystring`](https://nodejs.org/api/querystring.html) and [`qs`](https://github.com/ljharb/qs) work different. For example, if you have nested objects then [`querystring`](https://nodejs.org/api/querystring.html) will not stringify it, see https://github.com/nodejs/node-v0.x-archive/issues/1665. In this case use [`qs`](https://github.com/ljharb/qs) module.

Reviewer: I wouldn't go into too much detail here, since this isn't really an axios issue, but rather a `querystring` vs `qs` usage issue. I would perhaps only add the following:
```suggestion
The `qs` library is preferable if you need to stringify nested objects, as the `querystring` method has known issues with that use case (https://github.com/nodejs/node-v0.x-archive/issues/1665).
```

> stringify method in [`querystring`](https://nodejs.org/api/querystring.html) and [`qs`](https://github.com/ljharb/qs) work different. For exapmple, if you have nested objects then [`querystring`](https://nodejs.org/api/querystring.html) will not stringify it, see https://github.com/nodejs/node-v0.x-archive/issues/1665. In this case use [`qs`](https://github.com/ljharb/qs) module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
stringify method in [`querystring`](https://nodejs.org/api/querystring.html) and [`qs`](https://github.com/ljharb/qs) work different. For example, if you have nested objects then [`querystring`](https://nodejs.org/api/querystring.html) will not stringify it, see https://github.com/nodejs/node-v0.x-archive/issues/1665. In this case use [`qs`](https://github.com/ljharb/qs) module.
```

Just a small typo  😃
